

04-14-2025 JIRA-Zephyr Test Case Management 


TEST CASE 1: Validate Home Page Welcome section
Go to https://www.techglobal-training.com/
Validate a background image is visible
Validate "Welcome to TechGlobal School Training" heading is visible
Validate "This website is created by TechGlobal School Alumni who completed the 6 months of the Software Engineer Program with the guidance of founders and instructors." is visible
Validate "See Our Programs" button is visible and navigates users to "https://www.techglobalschool.com/courses/"
Validate "Be Part of TechGlobal Today" is visible



TEST CASE 2: Validate Home Page About Us section
Given user is on https://www.techglobal-training.com/
Then user should see "Who we are" section with an icon and info
And user should see "Our mission" section with an icon and info
And user should see "Main goal" section with an icon and info



TEST CASE REVIEW MEETING
Scheduled for QA Team and PO to go over draft test cases to make sure all the acceptance criteria is covered by draft test cases.


If you don't have much to do at the beginning sprint? do below
Prioritize the tasks that you have and complete the most important
Start writing your template test scripts and update them once actual development is ready



Tell me about your sprint?
What are the roles and responsibilities you have in a sprint?
What do you do in a regular sprint?



Do you have experience with SHIFT-LEFT TESTING or TEST-DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT?
Main idea is: do testing as early as possible!

SHIFT-LEFT TESTING: It is related to Test-Driven Development
Write your scripts first
Run scripts (all fails)
Develop the feature
Update and run scripts again (passes)


***What do you do in a sprint?
First couple days:
	Read and understand requirements (AC) of the PBIs assigned to me.
	Write your draft test cases (prepare RTM)
	Do Test Case review meeting and get approved.
	SOME ADDITIONALS: Create test data if needed, complete tech-debt for previos sprint, run Regression for QA environment.

Mid-Sprint:
	Developers finishes their tasks and I manually run my test cases that I created.
	If I can start with automation for the passed manual tests, then I write scripts.
	Report bugs if come across any while testing.

Last couple days:
	Prioritize work and complete most important ones.
	Automate as much as possible and leave very less tech-debt to next sprint.

Join all the scrum ceremonies, communicate and collaborate with your team members.
Do documentation. Create your Pull Request and follow up with reviews, resolve conflicts, resolve feedbacks, complete your PR, delete your branch, pull the changes to local.


PR policies:
	Branch naming
	How many reviewers to be added for PR
	How do we maintain branches
	Do we merge to main or another middle branch

TEST CASE Policies:
	Review meeting
	RTM
	How do we create test cases
	Given user is on 





